
INDIAN
MONEY
MASTER
Indian Money Master is the largest Diversified Financial Service Provider in India. We are offering more than 100 Products and more than 200 services in 20 Major Divisions of Financial Sector. Indian Money Master works on a Unique Concept which is Introduced first time in Indian Financial Market by its founder Mr Manoj N. Kastiya Jain to provide all Financial Services under One Roof. Our Group was Formed in 2002 by our Founder Mr. Manoj N. Kastiya Jain (B Com., Certified Govt Auditor, Sales Tax Practitioner, ISO Lead Auditor, BSE NSE AP-Associates Person, IRDA Approved Insurance Advisor) on the Name of M/s Kastiya and Associates, Tax Consultants at Thane & Mumbai. Now our organization is growing up as Largest Service Provider in Financial Sector with Brand of Indian Money Master to all India level. Vision
India is a Cash Rich Country, Fastest Growing Economy of the World as well as highest youth population of world. Indian Money Master's Main Object is to impart Financial Education to Individuals, Investors, Businesses, Corporate, entrepreneurs for Excellent Business Management, Tax Management and Statutory Compliances with Govt Policies, Govt. Subsidiaries and Govt Incentives Schemes to Promote Business, Smart Techniques of Savings, Smart Investment Planning, Portfolio Management, Insurance & Risk Management, Loans and Debts Management, Business Promotion and Expand, ISO Certification ETC. Customer still use traditional method and technologies for that, the ultimate goal of Indian Money Master is to impart education Financial & Technical to our clients with new technology and Valuable Knowledge. Our Dreams
✪ India will Be best Economy of the World again with highest growth.
Every Indian would be Financially and Technically well Educated and would be able start his/her own business or profession without any dependency, routing out unemployment completely. There would be at least minimum one entrepreneur for every family with good business management knowledge equipped with major Govt policies and financial tools.
All modern and traditional Financial Instruments and Tools will be available and approachable to every Indian cities as well as rural area open to all categories at same time.
Unique Concept
Today's Trend is Multispecialty Products, Services and Mall Concepts. Customers looking One Place for All Solutions. Indian Money Master started with this concept to fulfill client's All Financial Requirements at one Stop it includes All Taxation Compliances, Accounting Solutions, Financial Management, Investment Solutions, Business start- Up and expansion, Capital Market, All Types Governments Registrations & Licenses, Business Branding- Trade Mark, Copy Rights, Patents, Loans & Debts Management, Insurance & Risk Management, Portfolio Management and Foreign Trade Solutions Etc. All Services provisioning under one roof is not a easy concept because every day technologies and procedures keep changing and update with all segments is same time is very challenging, but we have temperament and passions with excellent infrastructures, latest technologies, team of reliable and trained professionals to fulfills clients needs
OUR VALUES
How we conduct our Business is just as important as what we do. Our core values are the Principles that guide us daily in helping our Clients achieve Financial Prosperity and Peace of Mind.
Quality - No Compromise
✪ Honest, Ethical and Open
✪ Available, Reliable and Responsive
Proactive and Successful
Responsible Corporate Citizens
Enjoy what we do, Passionate and Engaged
Communicate transparently at all Levels
✪ Committed to the Training and Development of our staff
Worthy of Trust: We keep our promises and are committed to doing business the right way.
✪ Customer Focused: We provide Quality Products and Services that meet our Customers' Needs.
15 Years Experience
100 Products 200 Services with 20 Different Segment
5000
100
2000
Assignments Successfully Completed
Satisfied Clients
Business Associates